add networking_mode to google_container_cluster (#3709)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/container_cluster.html.markdown

making the cluster VPC-native instead of routes-based. Structure is documented
below.

* `networking_mode` - (Optional, [Beta]) Determines whether alias IPs or routes will be used for pod IPs in the cluster.
Options are `VPC_NATIVE` or `ROUTES`. `VPC_NATIVE` enables [IP aliasing](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/ip-aliases),

> and requires the `ip_allocation_policy` block to be defined. The default value is `ROUTES`, making the cluster routes-based.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and requires the `ip_allocation_policy` block to be defined. By default when this field is unspecified, GKE will create a `ROUTES`-based cluster.
```
